Add more Tournament Committee documentation (#11440)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/Tournament_Committee/en.md

# Tournament Committee

The **Tournament Committee** is a panel of skilled and established organisers and helpers in the tournament scene. The panel was first announced to the public on July 22, 2021 through the `#tournaments` channel in the [osu! Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/ppy) in response to the rapidly growing community tournament scene in osu!.

The Tournament Committee's responsibilities include advising the [account support team](/wiki/People/Account_support_team) on:

> - Responding to general inquiries sent to the tournaments email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Responding to general inquiries sent to the tournaments email.
```

- Determining the necessity and duration of tournament and staffing bans on a case-by-case basis.

> - Reviewing recently concluded officially-supported tournaments for badge eligibility.

Reviewer: adverbs ending in -ly don't take hyphens after them

```suggestion
- Reviewing recently concluded officially supported tournaments for badge eligibility.
```

> - Whether to hand out tournament bans and tournament staffing bans and for how long on a case-by-case basis

Author: Changed lines 14-16 but also changing line 13 to match present continuous tense since otherwise the grammar would be inconsistent in that section.

> - Which tournaments have concluded and need their badges applied to winners’ profiles

Author: Not adding the second sentence. That is something we do independent of the account support team.

Additionally, the tournament committee performs the following roles independent of the account support team:
- Regularly reviewing the [Official tournament support](/wiki/Tournaments/Official_support) page for revisions when necessary
- Investigating reports from the [tournament reports form](https://pif.ephemeral.ink/tournament-reports)

> - Checking each tournament upon conclusion to ensure tournaments requesting official support all meet the criteria

Author: See [previous comment](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/11440#discussion_r1610874178)

> - Denying badges to tournaments that have requested it should they breach the Official Support criteria

Author: Same as above

- Advising the news post team on which tournaments requesting a news post specifically for tournament registrations and conclusion should be approved

> - Maintaining communications with the general player-base regarding changes to official support criteria and the status of all tournaments that have requested official support

Author: Line 24 unnecessary, covered in detail and linked in the public communication section.

The [Official Tournament Support Updates thread](/community/forums/topics/1715676) is a pinned thread in the [Tournaments & Contests forum](/community/forums/126) which contains an up-to-date list of updates to the [official tournament support wiki article](/wiki/Tournaments/Official_support) dating back to February 1st, 2023. It also links to all the aforementioned resources.

### Adding new members

New members to the Tournament Committee must meet the following basic criteria before being considered for the position:

- Be at least 18 years old
- Pass a check for recent account infringements

Whether a prospective member applies via email or is brought forward by an existing member, the process is the same. The Tournament Committee holds an in-depth discussion on the candidate. Special attention is paid towards their activity in the tournament scene, stature, community contributions, and how they would benefit the committee. Following said discussion, an anonymous vote is held to determine whether to add the candidate to the committee.

### Votes

> The Tournament Committee frequently makes use of anonymous voting when making important decisions. Typical uses are listed above, but those are not fully inclusive. The voting requirements also differ based on the use case. All typical votes also require "strict participation", meaning that if 75% of the Tournament Committee does not participate by the vote deadline, voting is extended by 24 hours. Further, all votes require at least an absolute majority, at least 50%, for action to be taken. Votes on many topics have the same requirements, but there are slight differences on some common topics listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tournament Committee frequently makes use of anonymous voting when making important decisions. Typical uses are listed above, but those are not fully inclusive. The voting requirements also differ based on the use case. All typical votes also require "strict participation", meaning that if 75% of the Tournament Committee does not participate by the vote deadline, voting is extended by 24 hours. Furthermore, all votes require at least an absolute majority, at least 50%, for action to be taken. Votes on many topics have the same requirements, but there are slight differences on some common topics listed below.
```

| Vote type | Minimum length (days) | Approval threshold |
| :-- | --: | --: |

> | Withholding badge support | 3 days | 50% |

Reviewer: kept this one by accident

```suggestion
| Withholding badge support | 3 | 50% |
```

| Tournament bans | 3 | 50% |
| Tournament staffing bans | 3 | 50% |
| Top three badge support | 4 | 80% |
| Adding new members | 4 | 80% |

## Tournament ban lengths

Common tournament ban lengths can be found on the [Tournament bans](/wiki/Help_centre/Tournament_bans) wiki page.

## FAQ

### Who administers tournament bans?

The account support team administers tournament bans. The Tournament Committee advises the account support team on many tournament bans, but ultimately is solely an advisory committee when it comes to tournament bans.

### Who does screening?

The account support team does screening. The Tournament Committee is completely uninvolved in this process.

### Who applies profile badges?

The account support team applies profile badges. While the Tournament Committee can advise for or against doing so based on how a tournament runs and any reports about the tournament, the account support team ultimately applies them.

### Can the Tournament Committee see emails?

> The Tournament Committee can only see the content of emails to [tournaments@ppy.sh](mailto:tournaments@ppy.sh). They cannot write or send emails, nor can they see data such as the sender's email address or name, only email content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Tournament Committee can only see the content of emails to [tournaments@ppy.sh](mailto:tournaments@ppy.sh). They cannot write or send emails, nor can they see metadata such as the sender's email address or name, only email content.
```
eh?

- Noting the tournament for investigation pending further reports if this report alone is not enough to warrant further action
- Further investigation and context gathering
- Reaching out to the infringing party for further information about the events in the report
- Voting on whether to withhold a tournament badge
- Voting on whether to hand out a tournament ban
- Voting on whether to hand out a tournament staffing ban

### Tournament Review

Assuming the tournament has submitted a request for screening in a timely manner, removed any disallowed players from the tournament, and sent a conclusion email with the badge attached, the Tournament Committee will assign two random members to review the tournament before confirming its badge. The assigned members will ensure the following:

- The format is eligible for badge
- The tournament theme does not violate community rules

> - Any signup restrictions are geographically and/or culturally consistent

Author: > - Any regional registration restrictions are geographically and/or culturally consistent.

> - Any unofficial screening process is open-source with a publicly available dataset

Author: Leaving this as is until that PR is approved.

> - Any unofficial screening process is open-source with a publicly available dataset

Reviewer 3: May want to remove the line entirely then. We are wanting to have a clear distinction between "screening" (account support) and "filtering" (something hosts can do with tools).

- All results are up-to-date on both the tournament’s bracket and any public-facing documents, such as a spreadsheet
- All multiplayer lobby links are publicly available

> - Staff and player lists are publicly available

Author: - Any staff and player lists are publicly available and the staff list is up-to-date.

Grammar fix for up-to-date vs up to date, and ensures that staff list requirement is consistent between this documentation and official support wiki.

- The badge design does not contain any art owned by a third party

> Assuming the tournament meets all these checks, the assigned members will mark the tournament as approved for badging, and the account support team will apply the badge at a later time to the winner(s) profile(s). If the tournament does not meet one or more of these checks, the assigned members will ask the account support team to request any necessary changes from the tournament organiser(s) to meet these checks before marking the tournament as approved for badging. If these changes are not possible after the tournament’s conclusion, the tournament committee will hold an anonymous vote as to whether to approve or deny a badge for the tournament.

Reviewer 2: perhaps mention that the assigned members are required to state any conflict of interest (eg. staffing/playing in that tournament or being close to people who are), and get someone else randomly assigned in that scenario

> Assuming the tournament meets all these checks, the assigned members will mark the tournament as approved for badging, and the account support team will apply the badge at a later time to the winner(s) profile(s). If the tournament does not meet one or more of these checks, the assigned members will ask the account support team to request any necessary changes from the tournament organiser(s) to meet these checks before marking the tournament as approved for badging. If these changes are not possible after the tournament’s conclusion, the tournament committee will hold an anonymous vote as to whether to approve or deny a badge for the tournament.

Author: > Assuming the tournament passes the review process, the assigned members will indicate that the tournament is eligible for a badge. The account support team will apply the badge at a later time to the winner(s) profile(s). If the tournament fails the review process, the reviewing members may advise the account support team on what changes need to be communicated to the tournament host(s). If these changes are not possible after the tournament’s conclusion, the Tournament Committee will hold an anonymous vote on whether to withdraw official support.

Consistency in language.

> If a tournament has been reported for violating the Official Support criteria and has submitted its conclusion email, and the Tournament Committee has deemed these reports actionable, the Tournament Committee will take the following course of action:

Author: This is incorrect grammar. Commas indicate a break in the sentence, whether using multiple verb clauses, independent clauses, or other clauses or phrases, but should not be mixed between use-cases. In this case, "has been reported" and "has submitted" are two verb clauses branching off the noun "tournament, but "the Tournament Committee will take" is the start of a new independent clause, so the proposed wording uses incorrect grammar.

> - Determine if the issues brought up in the report break any of the Official Support criteria

Reviewer: this doesn't seem to have been applied, was that intentional?

> - If they do break those criteria, determine whether the severity of those infringements could potentially warrant withholding a badge from the tournament or giving a tournament staffing ban to any of the staff of that tournament

Author: Replying here for the changes on lines 69-72. The whole point of the wording in this section is that we do not always administer punishment in every potentially actionable report. Sometimes we investigate and things are fine. The language used in the proposed changes makes it sound like we will always withhold official support if there is ever an investigation, which is just not the case. Things are not as cut-and-dry as the proposed changes make them seem.

> - If they do break those criteria, determine whether the severity of those infringements could potentially warrant withholding a badge from the tournament or giving a tournament staffing ban to any of the staff of that tournament

Author: Proposed change:

- Determine if the issues brought up in the report break any of the Official Support criteria.
- If they are severe enough to warrant such action, investigate the events detailed in the report to ensure the report’s validity and gather additional context.
- Reach out to the infringing party, e.g. the tournament organiser, to get further information on the events detailed in the report.
- After the investigation concludes and the Tournament Committee is considering administering relevant punishment, hold an anonymous vote to determine whether to do so and the severity of such punishment.

> - If they do break those criteria, determine whether the severity of those infringements could potentially warrant withholding a badge from the tournament or giving a tournament staffing ban to any of the staff of that tournament

Reviewer 3: I think this sounds fine. Often the infringing party is not the tournament organiser so I would consider removing the e.g clause. Up to you though.

- If they are severe enough to warrant such action, independently investigate the events detailed in the report to ensure the report’s veracity and gather additional context
- Reach out to the infringing party, e.g. the tournament organiser, to get further information on the events detailed in the report
- If after this investigation is over and the Tournament Committee is still considering handing out relevant punishment, hold an anonymous vote to determine whether to do so and the severity of such punishment

### News Posts

> When an email requesting registration and conclusion news posts for a tournament is received, a thread is automatically created with an embed message of the email’s text. Any Tournament Committee member who sees this will ping the rest of the group for visibility. The committee will then check if the tournament is eligible based on the requirements on the Official Support wiki page before moving forward. If the tournament is eligible and the consensus in discussion around the tournament is positive after 48 hours, the Tournament Committee will forward the request to the news post team and approve the request. If the tournament does not pass one of these steps, the request will be denied.

Author: Changed to:

When an email requesting a news post for a tournament is received, the Tournament Committee will be notified. If the tournament satisfies all eligibility criteria for news posts and the consensus in discussion is positive after 48 hours, the Tournament Committee will forward the request to the news post team for approval.

> When an email requesting registration and conclusion news posts for a tournament is received, a thread is automatically created with an embed message of the email’s text. Any Tournament Committee member who sees this will ping the rest of the group for visibility. The committee will then check if the tournament is eligible based on the requirements on the Official Support wiki page before moving forward. If the tournament is eligible and the consensus in discussion around the tournament is positive after 48 hours, the Tournament Committee will forward the request to the news post team and approve the request. If the tournament does not pass one of these steps, the request will be denied.

Reviewer 3: Sounds good. I think I'd write "the tournament committee is notified" instead of "will be notified" in the first sentence.

### Top Three Badge Support

> If a tournament host believes their tournament has achieved the highest level of production quality and organisation possible, they can request to receive badge prizes for all three finalists in their tournament. If a host requests to be awarded with this distinction, then in addition to the typical steps for tournament review as listed above, the assigned members will also notify the rest of the group of the request for top three badge support. Based on discussion around the tournament and its quality, either the request will be denied, or an anonymous vote will be called for the tournament to receive top three badge support.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If a tournament host believes their tournament has achieved the highest level of production quality and organisation possible, they can request to receive badge prizes for all three finalists in their tournament. If a host requests to be awarded with this distinction, the assigned members will also notify the rest of the Tournament Committee for discussion. Following this discussion, an anonymous vote will be held.
```

### Public Communication

Public communication by the Tournament Committee is handled through several channels. The purposes for these sometimes overlap, but all are official sources of information kept up-to-date by the Tournament Committee.

> The Tournament Committee maintains an [account on X](https://twitter.com/osu_tcomm) (formerly Twitter) where the committee broadcasts major changes and updates of various types. Not all changes are communicated here, but many of the most important changes are communicated and clarified through this channel.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Tournament Committee maintains an [account on X](https://x.com/osu_tcomm) where the Committee broadcasts major changes and updates of various types. Not all changes are communicated here, but many of the most important changes are communicated and clarified through this channel.
```

Author: Already changed twitter to x, but committee by itself should not be capitalized.

Author: Also just calling it X is enough to confuse most people, many large corporations use X (formerly Twitter) for clarity following the rebrand.

Reviewer 3: Sure, I'm indifferent on that.

> The Tournament Committee maintains an [account on X](https://twitter.com/osu_tcomm) (formerly Twitter) where the committee broadcasts major changes and updates of various types. Not all changes are communicated here, but many of the most important changes are communicated and clarified through this channel.

Reviewer 2: hate it but 

```suggestion
The Tournament Committee maintains an [account on X](https://x.com/osu_tcomm) (formerly Twitter) where the committee broadcasts major changes and updates of various types. Not all changes are communicated here, but many of the most important changes are communicated and clarified through this channel.
```

> The [Community Tournament Status Tracker](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bV5MyrJZI0F52Bx9EcYxdfRu8qGnhWRBKdXHK9uPbO0/edit?usp=sharing) is a publicly viewable spreadsheet detailing the status of all tournaments that have requested official support, i.e. all tournaments that requested screening. This sheet shows all tournaments dating back to January 14th, 2023, and contains a description of the status of the tournament at any given time, including whether a badge was applied or denied. If a badge was denied, the reason for denial is stated on the sheet.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The [Community Tournament Status Tracker](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bV5MyrJZI0F52Bx9EcYxdfRu8qGnhWRBKdXHK9uPbO0/edit?usp=sharing) is a publicly viewable spreadsheet detailing the status of all tournaments that have requested official support. This sheet shows all tournaments dating back to June 20th, 2023 and displays their status through the official support process, including whether a badge was applied or denied.
```

Date given by Albion, apparently not *all* tournaments from January-June 20th were on this sheet.

The [Official Tournament Support Updates thread](/community/forums/topics/1715676) is a pinned thread in the [Tournaments & Contests forum](/community/forums/126) which contains all updates to the Official Tournament Support wiki dating back to February 1st, 2023. This thread is updated and bumped every time a change is made to the Official Tournament Support wiki. This thread also contains links to the Official Support wiki and the Community Tournament Status Tracker.

### Adding New Members

> New members to the Tournament Committee must meet the following basic criteria before being considered for the position at all:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
New members to the Tournament Committee must meet the following basic criteria before being considered for the position:
```

- Be at least 18 years old

> - Pass a security check

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Author: Security check was discussed with Chillier as being usable in the docs.

Reviewer 3: Fine by me then

Reviewer: i think it'd be worth clarifying that it's a check for recent account infringements, as that's the wording used elsewhere instead of a vague "security check"

> Whether a prospective member applies via email or is brought forward by an existing member, the process is the same. A thread is either automatically created by the email application or created manually by a member of the Tournament Committee, and the whole committee is notified. The candidate is discussed in-depth, with special consideration paid to the uniqueness of the candidate compared to current members and the candidate’s history in the tournament scene. Assuming discussion is mixed or mostly positive, an anonymous vote is held to determine whether the candidate is added.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Whether a prospective member applies via email or is brought forward by an existing member, the process is the same. The Tournament Committee holds an in-depth discussion on the candidate. Special attention is paid towards their activity in the tournament scene, stature, community contributions, and how they would benefit the Committee. Following said discussion, an anonymous vote is held to determine whether to add the candidate to the Committee.
```

Author: Added except lowercased committee when alone, and changed towards to toward, as towards is not a word.

Author: Nevermind apparently it's a word in British English. I hate dialects.

Reviewer 3: TIL

### Votes

> The Tournament Committee frequently makes use of anonymous voting when making important decisions. Typical uses are listed above, but those are not fully inclusive. The voting requirements also differ based on the use-case. All typical votes also require “strict participation,” meaning that if 75% of the Tournament Committee does not participate by the vote deadline, voting is extended by 24 hours, and the committee is pinged for further participation. Further, all votes require at least an absolute majority, at least 50%, for action to be taken. Votes on many topics have the same requirements, but there are slight differences on some common topics listed below.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Tournament Committee frequently makes use of anonymous voting when making important decisions. Typical uses are listed above, but those are not fully inclusive. The voting requirements also differ based on the use case. All typical votes also require “strict participation,” meaning that if 75% of the Tournament Committee does not participate by the vote deadline, voting is extended by 24 hours. Further, all votes require at least an absolute majority, at least 50%, for action to be taken. Votes on many topics have the same requirements, but there are slight differences on some common topics listed below.
```

Author: For the record apparently either spelling of use-case/use case is fine, all changes applied.

Withholding Badge Support:
- Minimum three days open
- Absolute majority required

Tournament Bans:
- Minimum three days open
- Absolute majority required

Tournament Staffing Bans:
- Minimum three days open
- Absolute majority required

Top Three Badge Support:
- Minimum four days open

> - 80% voting yes to pass

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- 80% approval required
```

Adding New Members:
- Minimum four days open

> - 80% voting yes to pass

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- 80% approval required
```

## Tournament Ban Lengths

Common tournament ban lengths can be found on the [Tournament bans](/wiki/Help_centre/Tournament_bans) wiki page.

## FAQ

> ### Who gives out tournament bans?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Who administers tournament bans?
```

> The account support team gives out tournament bans. The Tournament Committee advises the account support team on many tournament bans, but ultimately is solely an advisory committee when it comes to tournament bans.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The account support team administers tournament bans. The Tournament Committee advises the account support team on many tournament bans, but ultimately is solely an advisory committee when it comes to tournament bans.
```

### Who does screening?

> The account support team does screening. The Tournament Committee is completely uninvolved in screening.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The account support team does screening. The Tournament Committee is completely uninvolved in this process.
```

- Marking the tournament for investigation pending further reports if this report alone is not sufficient to warrant further action.
- Further investigation and context gathering.
- Reaching out to involved parties for further information about the events in the report.
- Voting on whether to withhold a tournament badge.
- Voting on whether to administer a tournament ban.
- Voting on whether to administer a tournament staffing ban.

### Tournament Review

Once a tournament has concluded and has requested a badge prize, two random members from the Tournament Committee are assigned to review the tournament. The assigned members will ensure the following:

- The format adheres to [official support](wiki/Tournaments/Official_support) guidelines or received an official approval.
- The tournament theme does not violate community rules.
- Any regional registration restrictions are geographically and/or culturally consistent.

> - Any unofficial screening process is open-source with a publicly available dataset.

Reviewer 3: I feel the need to comment that in [this draft](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/commit/1b6d2e0490cde8decff7c070f074395f9a0c9218#diff-35eeda5851b226096d81386f70bacafc5f63e4b140adb48060969d2c9987c7beR107) of changes regarding 'self-screening', we are very intentionally **not** using the word 'screening' anywhere when talking about this process. This is to avoid confusion between screening done by support and *registrant filtering*, which is done by hosts in addition to screening. Having the terms be distinctly separate will help avoid confusion down the road.

This was briefly addressed [here](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/11440#discussion_r1610880272) but I'd like another look into whether this line should make it in this PR at all, or how to word it if so.

> - Any unofficial screening process is open-source with a publicly available dataset.

Reviewer: screening and filtering are synonyms (though screening is more appropriate in this context), so if you want to coin a distinction between them you'd be looking into making a glossary. just using separate words wouldn't be enough

i think "self-screening" is plenty fine here, but when in doubt, be more descriptive

```suggestion
- Any screening process on the tournament host's end is open-source with a publicly available dataset.
```

> - Any unofficial screening process is open-source with a publicly available dataset.

Author: Line is removed until a separate PR for the issue on badge criteria is passed.

- The existence of a publicly viewable catalogue of the tournament's match history.

> - Any staff and player lists are publicly available and the staff list is up-to-date.

Author: [See previous comment](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/11440#discussion_r1610883562), note this is the correct version grammatically.

> - Any staff and player lists are publicly available and the staff list is up-to-date.

Reviewer: this is what i mean https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/up-to-date

![image](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/assets/36758269/b9980937-405a-4154-9042-359ecdc65cba)

- Reach out to the infringing party, e.g. the tournament organiser, to get further information on the events detailed in the report.
- After the investigation concludes and the Tournament Committee is considering administering relevant punishment, hold an anonymous vote to determine whether to do so and the severity of such punishment.

### News Posts

When an email requesting a news post for a tournament is received, the Tournament Committee will be notified. If the tournament satisfies all eligibility criteria for news posts and the consensus in discussion is positive after 48 hours, the Tournament Committee will forward the request to the news post team for approval.

### Top Three Badge Support

If a tournament host believes their tournament has achieved the highest level of production quality and organisation possible, they can request to receive badge prizes for all three finalists in their tournament. If a host requests to be awarded with this distinction, the assigned members will also notify the rest of the Tournament Committee for discussion. Following this discussion, an anonymous vote will be held.

### Public Communication

> Public communication by the Tournament Committee is handled through several channels. The purposes for these sometimes overlap, but all are official sources of information kept up-to-date by the Tournament Committee.

Reviewer: dashes are only used when it modifies a noun, which it doesn't here

```suggestion
Public communication by the Tournament Committee is handled through several channels. The purposes for these sometimes overlap, but all are official sources of information kept up to date by the Tournament Committee.
```

> The Tournament Committee maintains an [account on X](https://x.com/osu_tcomm) (formerly Twitter) where the committee broadcasts major changes and updates of various types. Not all changes are communicated here, but many of the most important changes are communicated and clarified through this channel.

Reviewer: we don't go with the rename (you may notice this in news posts or citations in wiki articles). see https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/9820

interestingly, x.com doesn't load for me but twitter.com does 🤔 

```suggestion
The Tournament Committee maintains an [account on Twitter](https://twitter.com/osu_tcomm) where the committee broadcasts major changes and updates of various types. Not all changes are communicated here, but many of the most important changes are communicated and clarified through this channel.
```

Author: god bless

The [Community Tournament Status Tracker](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bV5MyrJZI0F52Bx9EcYxdfRu8qGnhWRBKdXHK9uPbO0/edit?usp=sharing) is a publicly viewable spreadsheet detailing the status of all tournaments that have requested official support. This sheet shows all tournaments dating back to June 20th, 2023 and displays their status through the official support process, including whether a badge was applied or denied.

> The [Official Tournament Support Updates thread](/community/forums/topics/1715676) is a pinned thread in the [Tournaments & Contests forum](/community/forums/126) which contains all updates to the Official Tournament Support wiki dating back to February 1st, 2023. This thread is updated and bumped every time a change is made to the Official Tournament Support wiki. This thread also contains links to the Official Support wiki and the Community Tournament Status Tracker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Official Tournament Support Updates thread](/community/forums/topics/1715676) is a pinned thread in the [Tournaments & Contests forum](/community/forums/126) which contains an up-to-date list of updates to the [official tournament support wiki article](/wiki/Tournaments/Official_support) dating back to February 1st, 2023. It also links to all the aforementioned resources.
```

### Adding New Members

> New members to the Tournament Committee must meet the following basic criteria before being considered for the position:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New members to the Tournament Committee must meet the following basic criteria before being considered for the position:

```

- Be at least 18 years old
- Pass a security check

Whether a prospective member applies via email or is brought forward by an existing member, the process is the same. The Tournament Committee holds an in-depth discussion on the candidate. Special attention is paid towards their activity in the tournament scene, stature, community contributions, and how they would benefit the committee. Following said discussion, an anonymous vote is held to determine whether to add the candidate to the committee.

### Votes

> The Tournament Committee frequently makes use of anonymous voting when making important decisions. Typical uses are listed above, but those are not fully inclusive. The voting requirements also differ based on the use case. All typical votes also require “strict participation,” meaning that if 75% of the Tournament Committee does not participate by the vote deadline, voting is extended by 24 hours. Further, all votes require at least an absolute majority, at least 50%, for action to be taken. Votes on many topics have the same requirements, but there are slight differences on some common topics listed below.

Reviewer: - we don't use "smart quotes", which appear when copy-pasting from google docs or other word processors
- comma on the outside (wikipedia style https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Article_styling_criteria/Writing#logical-quotation)

```suggestion
The Tournament Committee frequently makes use of anonymous voting when making important decisions. Typical uses are listed above, but those are not fully inclusive. The voting requirements also differ based on the use case. All typical votes also require "strict participation", meaning that if 75% of the Tournament Committee does not participate by the vote deadline, voting is extended by 24 hours. Further, all votes require at least an absolute majority, at least 50%, for action to be taken. Votes on many topics have the same requirements, but there are slight differences on some common topics listed below.
```

> Withholding Badge Support:
> - Minimum three days open
> - Absolute majority required
> 
> Tournament Bans:
> - Minimum three days open
> - Absolute majority required
> 
> Tournament Staffing Bans:
> - Minimum three days open
> - Absolute majority required
> 
> Top Three Badge Support:
> - Minimum four days open
> - 80% approval required
> 
> Adding New Members:
> - Minimum four days open
> - 80% approval required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Type | Minimum length | Approval threshold |
| :-- | --: | --: |
| Withholding badge support | 3 | 50% |
| Tournament bans | 3 | 50% |
| Tournament staffing bans | 3 | 50% |
| Top three badge support | 4 | 80% |
| Adding new members | 4 | 80% |
```

> ## Tournament Ban Lengths

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tournament ban lengths
```
